[Music]
my parents are from different worlds and
now is a product of the love that never
should have been skits unite our worlds
one day
a son of the land and the son of disease
my mother always knew you were special
you are part of something deeper
you are the bridge to land and sea
take your rightful place as king
[Music]
we're getting close now
oh yeah what's the what buying a thirst
there's no way Atlantis with this far in
there check this place out
[Music]
nothing of course it's not working it's
been sitting here collecting dust since
before the Sahara was a desert before
the Sahara was a desert you do your best
thinking when you're not thinking at all
right now hold still hey what are you
doing
we need water you're the closest source
[Music]
sure I could've just peed on it
in this Trident resides the power of
Atlantis
if you seek my power journey beyond the
edge of the world to the hidden sea
in the wrong hands
it would bring destruction
but in the hands of the true heir
it would unite all our kingdoms above
and below
what we've written it down first I
memorized it didn't you
oh yeah what are you say something
something Trident the Beast has awakened
the time has come
for Atlantis to rise again
[Music]
are you
oh is awesome
the war is coming to the surface
you are not going to win this
billions will die unless you help us
I'm no leader
not King
[Music]
lentes who's always had a king now I
need something more
but what could be greater than a king a
[Music]
hero
I was eight years old my mother died she
loved traveling the world and digging up
the past he used to visit all the time
no one day everything changed she had
found something something he wanted he
would have killed me too I got away
[Applause]
is changing
[Music]
nothing could stand in the face of this
we are London
before she died
your mother told me she was afraid of
Valentine and that if anything should
happen to her that was to find you that
you can stop him
she could be a problem if she's anything
like a mother
what happens when you find a stash or
will
[Music]
he's here
game of survival this is checkmate
honey you wouldn't leave me shut up and
run
I'm sure you want to do this I have to
roll my mother
you look at her and all you see are the
jagged edges but she is something quite
different she is beautiful and strange
and very very rare my name is Peter
Parker I'm pretty sure you know the rest
I saved the city fell in love then I
saved the city again and again and again
look I'm a comic book serial and get a
Christmas album and it's so so popsicle
but this isn't about me not anymore
spider-man swings in once a day zip zap
zop in his little mask and answers to no
one I love you mines dad are you serious
I want to hear it dad I love you got a
car my name is Miles Morales
the one and only spider-man at least
that's what I thought you'll be here for
supercollider
you know all of this dimension you know
like me that's impossible
all right kid listen up this part is
your universe
soggy is weird it's gross and this
delicious normal fry is my universe so
you want to learn to be spider-man
Keeney teacher yes I can time to swing
good double tap to release and quit it
out again whip and release your natural
lip hey guys who are you I'm Gwen Stacy
I'm from another another dimension how
many more spider people are there hey
fellas this could literally not get any
weirder it can get weird okay we need to
get back to our universes soon Brooklyn
is gonna collapse my family lives in
Brooklyn whoa what's wrong
whether your city
[Music]
it's mine
if I don't destroy the collider none of
us will have a home to go home to
remember what makes you different let's
go
is what makes you spider-man
officer I love you wait
[Music]
now wait that way other way other way
other way
do animals talk in this dimension cuz I
don't want to freak him out there are
moments in a rockstars life that define
who he is where there was darkness there
is no you and it's going to be a wild
ride
[Music]
you need to prove you're looking for
work
I've been looking trust me three
signatures by tomorrow or you can tell
it to the judge
tell me about a time when you worked
hard to solve a problem this morning
getting up we're gonna find you someone
you like
let me be your arms and your legs all
right penthouse you need to wait your
turn
relax it's not a holdup I just signed
this one please Oh what I sign it I
don't know
slowly what don't your arms work they
don't you can move your mouth as can you
I need assistance misses a peg hell yeah
man you are not qualified for this
position have you change your catheter
nah
pinch the head insert thing I can't feel
it oh well I can gonna feed your soul
you listen to it's cool thank thank
think about what you're trying to do to
me it's amazing it sounds just like yeah
it's uncanny
he was rich is jay-z no Richard
[Music]
which cause you all of these to the
right oh yeah they're not practical
exactly
you can have any girl you want one box
later dogs Botox I'll be brothers to
each other
you can't move your body she can't move
her face I specifically said nothing for
my birthday I'm sorry you gotta have a
surprise party a huge mansion some who's
got real problems
I'm fighting to see my son and whose
fault is it is it yours or is the world
how to get you mad I'm gonna break this
big-ass bottle of wine Dell made a mess
[Music]
relax
we say I want you to be my VP I want you
you're my boss
well George honey uh I'm a CEO a large
company and I have been Secretary of
Defense and I have been White House
chief of staff the vice presidency is a
mostly symbolic job however if we came
to a different understanding I can
handle the more mundane jobs but we're
seeing bureaucracy military energy
and foreign policy yeah right I like
that
[Music]
when you have power people will always
try to take it from you always
now
are you even more ruthless than you used
to be
first
[Applause]
so we gonna do this there whatever is
this happening I believe we can make
this work damn
[Music]
Oh need help sir Oh officer hi we need
help no no and I'm fine thank you but he
got their pecans I delivering pecans to
my niece in Syria yeah we can she makes
it worst pecan pie you've ever tasted I
feel sorry for her husband but any feel
sorry because
family's the most important thing
don't do what I did I could work in
front of family I thought it was more
important to be somebody out there then
the dam failure I was in my own home
[Music]
was a terrible father
terrible husband
my chance
[Music]
I didn't deserve forgiveness
this is the last one
so help me
is the last one
so what it's worth I'm sorry for
everything what's inside that church
what happens to those people
[Music]
[Applause]
Jason he's dead
[Music]
chase I feel I feel really good Oh
[Applause]
overlord we came here to fix this right
we're not gonna leave until I do I think
this is the place welcome home better
than you what's wrong I can't stop
seeing you in him I'm sorry let's start
over okay it's like we're the only two
people in the world
I can fix this for you hey mrs. Sutter
Eko Eduardo's neighbor how to be a sexy
Italian guy it's just arrived go for a
walk right so you drinking
Odia federico was just telling me all
about your night last night you need to
leave right now
what not friends anymore Prince I don't
even know who the hell you are there is
another way it is cooking isn't that
it's Puerto Rico here last night do you
really want to start this I just don't
trust that guy Brian
[Music]
you know what I love about rugby
the hunt
you know retain make it to say
and then you wait how do you always
manage to appear whenever I need hope
he's not
Eduardo's name I know you talking about
the look in his eyes
Mary Stewart is condemned to death by
order of our sovereign Elizabeth Queen
of England
I did it come to this there is news King
Francis is dead
your cousin Mary has returned to rule in
Scotland
she is formidable madam so she comes
ready for war not so I need command
armies but tell my cousin that we pray
for peace
I hope we might meet in person
and resolve our destinies you must
confront the truth Madame
she has acclaimed your throne
you would have me to post system on it
is either Civil War here what civil war
here we have a scourge upon our land
a woman with a crappy what says her
brother because allegiance is fully with
us
there's no appetite for war and let us
start an appetite oh cool men are all I
have done it's tried to unify this land
but they're trying to use her my crime a
murderer a traitor and a queen but I
will be the woman she is not we bring
into this world and here to Scotland and
to England
they're like you know we need if you
speak if it 21 I shall tonight
be my boys got another be my sister Mary
is our first we asked that we never bow
to her as we bow before you you cannot
raise an army many times you have said I
cannot do what I have done
do not play into their hands your heart
has more within it than the men who
can't fool you they would do well to
watch or work I will not be scolded by
my inferior
[Music]
if you murder me you murder your sister
and you murder your queen how did it
come to this
[Music]